Update Import button and add further workflow clarifications (#1349)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/specviz/displaying.rst

Selecting/Showing Data Sets
===========================

Data can be selected and de-selected in each viewer's data menu, opened by clicking the 
|icon-viewer-data-select| button in the top left of the viewer. Here, you can click a 

> checkbox next to the listed data to make the data visible (checked) or invisible (unchecked).

Reviewer: I feel like this is more accurate, as we also have the 👁️ that toggles visibility. 🤷 

```suggestion
checkbox next to the listed data to make the data loaded (checked) or unloaded (unchecked).
```

Reviewer: Okay, maybe "loaded" is also misleading because it is loaded in the app but just not the viewer... My head hurts.
